AEA-1242 Update Q&A section and ledger section in docs (#2193)
fetchai/agents-aea: docs/ledger-integration.md

In this section, we show you how to integrate the AEA with the Fetch.ai and third-party ledgers.

> The framework currently natively supports three ledgers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, the framework natively supports the following three ledgers:
```

Reviewer: Or 
`Currently, the framework has native support for three ledgers:`

The separation between the `Crypto` and `LedgerApi` is fundamental to the framework design. In particular, the object which holds the private key is separated from the object which interacts with the ledger. This design pattern is repeated throughout the framework: the decision maker is the only entity with access to the AEA's `Wallet` whilst `LedgerApis` are accessible by all skills.

## Agent Land - Fetch.ai testnet for agents

> Agent Land is our stable, public testnet for the Fetch Ledger v2. As such most developers will be interacting with this testnet. This is specifically designed and supported for autonomous economic agent development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agent Land is our stable, public testnet for the Fetch Ledger v2. As such, most developers will be interacting with this testnet. This is specifically designed and supported for AEA development.
```

| Parameter      | Value                                                                      |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Chain ID       | agent-land                                                                 |
| Denomination   | atestfet                                                                   |
| Decimals       | 18                                                                         |
| Version        | v0.2.x                                                                     |
| RPC Endpoint   | https://rpc-agent-land.fetch.ai:443                            |
| REST Endpoint  | https://rest-agent-land.fetch.ai:443                            |
| Block Explorer | <a href="https://explore-agent-land.fetch.ai" target="_blank">https://explore-agent-land.fetch.ai</a> |
| Token Faucet   | Use block explorer                                                         |

> You can read more detailed information on <a href="https://github.com/fetchai/networks-agentland" target="_blank">GitHub</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access more details on <a href="https://github.com/fetchai/networks-agentland" target="_blank">GitHub</a>.
```
